Update single-file docs (#34445)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/single-file/overview.md

Managed C++ components aren't well suited for single file deployment. We recommend that you write applications in C# or another non-managed C++ language to be single file compatible.

### Native libraries

> Only managed DLLs are bundled with the app into a single executable. When the app starts, the managed DLLs are extracted and loaded in memory, avoiding the extraction to a folder. This approach means that the managed binaries are embedded in the single file bundle, but the native binaries of the core runtime itself are separate files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only managed DLLs are bundled with the app into a single executable. When the app starts, the managed DLLs are extracted and loaded in memory, avoiding the extraction to a folder. With this approach, the managed binaries are embedded in the single file bundle, but the native binaries of the core runtime itself are separate files.
```

> To embed those files for extraction and get one output file, set the property `IncludeNativeLibrariesForSelfExtract` to `true`. For more information about extraction, see [Including native libraries](#include-native-libraries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To embed those files for extraction and get one output file, set the property `IncludeNativeLibrariesForSelfExtract` to `true`.
```

I'm suggesting that we remove:

>
> ```markdown
> For more information about extraction, see [Including native libraries](#include-native-libraries).
> 

As there is no heading that this links to. Either add the appropriate heading or remove this.

Specifying `IncludeAllContentForSelfExtract` extracts all files, including the managed assemblies, before running the executable. This may be helpful for rare application compatibility problems.

>  [!IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
```

>  [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [!IMPORTANT]
```

When we have two alerts back-to-back, it's best to vary their styling to help differentiate between them, if they cannot be otherwise avoided.

> If extraction is used, the files are extracted to disk before the app starts:
>

> > - If environment variable `DOTNET_BUNDLE_EXTRACT_BASE_DIR` is set to a path, the files are extracted to a directory under that path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If the `DOTNET_BUNDLE_EXTRACT_BASE_DIR` environment variable is set to a path, the files are extracted to a directory under that path.
```

> > - Otherwise, if running on Linux or MacOS, the files are extracted to a directory under `$HOME/.net`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Otherwise, if running on Linux or macOS, the files are extracted to a directory under `$HOME/.net`.
```

> - If running on Windows, the files are extracted to a directory under `%TEMP%/.net`.
>

> > To prevent tampering, these directories should not be writable by users or services with different privileges. Don't use _/tmp_ or _/var/tmp_ on most Linux and MacOS systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To prevent tampering, these directories shouldn't be writable by users or services with different privileges. Don't use _/tmp_ or _/var/tmp_ on most Linux and macOS systems.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > In some Linux environments, such as under `systemd`, the default extraction does not work because `$HOME` is not defined. In such cases, we recommend that you set `$DOTNET_BUNDLE_EXTRACT_BASE_DIR` explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In some Linux environments, such as under `systemd`, the default extraction doesn't work because `$HOME` isn't defined. In such cases, it's recommended that you set `$DOTNET_BUNDLE_EXTRACT_BASE_DIR` explicitly.
```

>

> > For `systemd`, a good alternative seems to be defining `DOTNET_BUNDLE_EXTRACT_BASE_DIR` in your service's unit file as `%h/.net`, which `systemd` expands correctly to `$HOME/.net` for the account running the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For `systemd`, a good alternative is to define `DOTNET_BUNDLE_EXTRACT_BASE_DIR` in your service's unit file as `%h/.net`, which `systemd` expands correctly to `$HOME/.net` for the account running the service.
```

- To avoid shipping loose files entirely, consider using [embedded resources](../../extensions/create-resource-files.md).

### Post-processing binaries before bundling

Some workflows require post-processing of binaries before bundling. A common example is signing. The dotnet SDK provides MSBuild extension points to allow processing binaries just before single-file bundling. The available APIs are:

> * A target `PrepareForBundle` that will be called before `GenerateSingleFileBundle`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A target `PrepareForBundle` that will be called before `GenerateSingleFileBundle`
```

> * An ItemGroup `FilesToBundle` containing all files that will be bundled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An `<ItemGroup><FilesToBundle /></ItemGroup>` containing all files that will be bundled
```

* A Property `AppHostFile` that will specify the apphost template. Post-processing might want to exclude the apphost from processing.

The way to plug into this would typically involve creating a target that will be executed between PrepareForBundle and GenerateSingleFileBundle

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following .NET project `Target` node example:
```

```xml
<Target Name="MySignedBundledFile" BeforeTargets="GenerateSingleFileBundle" DependsOnTargets="PrepareForBundle">
```

It is possible that tooling will need to copy files in the process of signing. That could happen if the original file is a shared item not owned by the build, for example the file comes from a nuget cache. In such case it is expected that the tool will modify the path of the corresponding FilesToBundle item to point to the modified copy.

### Compress assemblies in single-file apps

> Single file apps can be created with compression enabled on the embedded assemblies. Set the `EnableCompressionInSingleFile` property to `true`. The single file that's produced will have all of the embedded assemblies compressed, which can significantly reduce the size of the executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single-file apps can be created with compression enabled on the embedded assemblies. Set the `EnableCompressionInSingleFile` property to `true`. The single file that's produced will have all of the embedded assemblies compressed, which can significantly reduce the size of the executable.
```
